Versions/Prog_Language/readme.md, before:

# SidGautamScript

This is SidGautamScript...

I honestly don't remember why I wanted to make this.<br>
I think the story went something like: <br>
I was using JQuery in my Web Programming Class, and I hated the syntax. So, I was like 'I'll make my own JS Library', and SidGautamJS was born. Then I decided to make one in Java, and SidGautamJava was born (never released). Then I guess I wanted to make my own programming language. I never actually thought I would do it, but after graduating in 2026 and being unable to find a job, I learned how and ended up writing the compiler in NodeJS.
<br><br>

It is a simple programming language with some basic functions. It can do your basic program stuff, and I even include built in libraries, like Math.

<br>

[See Documentation](https://github.com/GautamBatta73/SidGautam/tree/main/Versions/Prog_Language/Documentation)

<br>

<a href="#downloadBtn">Skip to Download Buttton</a><br>

Currently, it only runs in Windows.<br>
- sgc.exe is the Compiler
- sg.exe is the Executor

### How To Run:
1. Write a .sidg source code file, or use a test file.
2. Open the terminal/command prompt and type "{Path to sgc.exe} {Path to .sidg file}".
3. A compiled .sidgc file will be created.
4. Open the terminal/command prompt and type "{Path to sg.exe} {Path to .sidgc file}".
5. Unless you get an error, it should execute the script's code.

### Basic Tips:
- Pretty much anything you can do has been done in test1.sidg, test2.sidg, and test3.sidg (I use both for recursion testing).
<br><br>

Click the inconspicuous button below to go to my Google Drive, where you can download:
- Zip with the Test Files, Compiler, and Executor (Runtime Environment) as EXE.

<a target="_blank" href="https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1bIonQZPRfJ_bTbHw-KjHeAVaPml8VYzj?usp=sharing" id="downloadBtn">
  <img style="width: 15em;" alt="Download" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/6538da9a-0f30-4a59-a7e9-c3f1268ac4e3" />

</a>

Commit message:

Add Linux support and update execution instructions
Updated the readme to include Linux support and execution permissions.

Versions/Prog_Language/readme.md, after:

# SidGautamScript

This is SidGautamScript...

I honestly don't remember why I wanted to make this.<br>
I think the story went something like: <br>
I was using JQuery in my Web Programming Class, and I hated the syntax. So, I was like 'I'll make my own JS Library', and SidGautamJS was born. Then I decided to make one in Java, and SidGautamJava was born (never released). Then I guess I wanted to make my own programming language. I never actually thought I would do it, but after graduating in 2026 and being unable to find a job, I learned how and ended up writing the compiler in NodeJS.
<br><br>

It is a simple programming language with some basic functions. It can do your basic program stuff, and I even include built in libraries, like Math.

<br>

[See Documentation](https://github.com/GautamBatta73/SidGautam/tree/main/Versions/Prog_Language/Documentation)

<br>

<a href="#downloadBtn">Skip to Download Buttton</a><br>

Currently, it only runs in Windows and Linux.<br>
- sgc is the Compiler
- sg is the Executor

### How To Run:
1. Write a .sidg source code file, or use a test file.
2. Open the terminal/command prompt and type "{Path to sgc executable} {Path to .sidg file}".
3. A compiled .sidgc file will be created.
4. Open the terminal/command prompt and type "{Path to sg executable} {Path to .sidgc file}".
5. Unless you get an error, it should execute the script's code.

### Basic Tips:
- Pretty much anything you can do has been done in test1.sidg, test2.sidg, and test3.sidg (I use both for recursion testing).
<br><br>

Click the inconspicuous button below to go to my Google Drive, where you can download:
- Zip with the Test Files, Compiler, and Executor (Runtime Environment) as EXEs.
- Zip with the Test Files, Compiler, and Executor (Runtime Environment) as Linux Executables.

**For Linux: Once downloaded, you may need to give execution permissions on the files to execute them properly**

<a target="_blank" href="https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1bIonQZPRfJ_bTbHw-KjHeAVaPml8VYzj?usp=sharing" id="downloadBtn">
  <img style="width: 15em;" alt="Download" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/6538da9a-0f30-4a59-a7e9-c3f1268ac4e3" />

</a>
